[FrameworkBundle] Add scoped httplug clients and deprecate httplugs use like psr18 client (#49691)
symfony/symfony: UPGRADE-6.3.md

 * Deprecate the `notifier.logger_notification_listener` service, use the `notifier.notification_logger_listener` service instead

> HttpClient

Reviewer: FrameworkBundle did that

Author: I was very unsure of this and tend to create the deprecation by the framework. I looked through other deprecations and the configs in the FrameworkBundle with a higher percentage throw the exception to the package the class is coming from.

I'll make the change tho.

Reviewer: It depends on the change. Here, the change comes from FrameworkBundle only.

----------

> * Deprecate the `Http\Client\HttpClient` service, use the `Http\Client\HttpAsyncClient` service for method `::sendAsyncRequest` and `psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface` for `::sendRequest` instead

Reviewer: * Deprecate the `Http\Client\HttpClient` service, use `Psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface` for instead (with leading space)

 * Deprecate the `notifier.logger_notification_listener` service, use the `notifier.notification_logger_listener` service instead

HttpClient
----------

> * Deprecate the `Http\Client\HttpClient` service, use the `Http\Client\HttpAsyncClient` service for method `::sendAsyncRequest` and `psr18.http_client` for `::sendRequest` instead

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Deprecate the `Http\Client\HttpClient` service, use the `Http\Client\HttpAsyncClient` service for method `::sendAsyncRequest` and `Psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface` for `::sendRequest` instead
```

Author: Good point, somehow forgot the ClientInterface surely is a service alias 👍
